Alright screwing. When you are doing drywall
the inspectors will come in and they will
pass your framing, your electrical and then
your plumbing and then they will tell you
it's o'kay to wrap. When they tell you it's
o'kay to wrap they mean you can go ahead and
drywall and insulate. After you insulate they
usually have an inspection on that too and
then they check your insulation to make sure
you did a good job and then they will tell
you to put your drywall on. When they come
back to inspect the drywall they inspect screwing
and the screwing usually goes 6 on the edge,
12 on the field if you are screwing and 4
on the edge like 8 in the field or 6 in the
field if you are nailing. We are screwing
so it is like 6 on the edge, 12 in the field
and as far as that goes I just usually go
6 inches all the time. I try to keep the screwing
in 6 inches because nobody complains about
over doing. They only complain about it when
you under do it. So I am going to get busy
here and screw off this drywall.
Also with screwing you have to really make
sure that you don't break the skin of the
drywall. Everybody makes a mistake every once
in a while and they go a little bit too deep.
They don't really care about that but they
want to make sure that overall when you screw
in your screw does not plunge all the way
in and break the skin of the drywall. The
best screw is a screw that goes and makes
a little indention in the drywall but does
not break the skin. Now when you go too far
into the drywall, you break the skin and it
doesn't hold the drywall as well to the wall
and that is what they are trying to get away
from is a whole bunch of pop marks or a whole
bunch of screws that really aren't holding
the drywall in but just kind of holding the
drywall against the wall. So when the inspectors
inspect they will look at your screwing and
if they see a whole lot of screws like this,
this right here would be considered wrong
while this one right here would be considered
right. So if they see a whole lot of these
then they'll probably ask you to rescrew your
drywall and that's basically it.